_tabs/user group events.md, before:

---
title: User Group Events
icon: fas fa-calendar-alt
order: 5
---

All community sessions past and upcoming are listed below. The most recent events appear at the top.

## 🔹 Copilot End-to-End Website Walkthrough

### 📝About this event: 

A public demo session on how GitHub Copilot was used to build the Elmentor website in just a few hours. http://elmentorprogram.com/

- **📅 Date:** Dec 09, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Ayman Aboghonim](https://github.com/aymanaboghonim)  
- **👁️ Views:** Upcoming Event  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/16VA46JTZo/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `copilot` `website development` `AI`

---

## 🔹 DORA 2025 AI Report Review

### 📝About this event: 

A public discussion session analyzing the new DORA report 2025 (Impact of Generative AI in Software Development). This report offers research-backed guidance for leaders and practitioners to effectively navigate this transformation, providing actionable insights to maximize AI's benefits while mitigating potential risks. DORA report link: https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/dora-impact-of-generative-ai-in-software-development.pdf

- **📅 Date:** Oct 08, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Ayman Aboghonim](https://github.com/aymanaboghonim)  
- **👁️ Views:** Upcoming Event  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/19M6GbMjKX/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `DORA` `AI` `software development`

---

## 🔹 Career Guidance Session with Kareem

### 📝About this event: 

A community-wide Career Guidance Session will be arranged in collaboration with Kareem. The session will offer practical insights into job seeking, personal branding, and navigating the hiring process, supporting our members in their professional journeys.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 06, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Kareem Khamis](https://github.com/KareemKhamis)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,800  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/16i5zPMTZe/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwY4QYxJy5w&ab_channel=MohamedRadwan%28EG%29)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `career guidance` `mentorship` `professional development`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Foundation Course [AR] [May 2025]-[#1]

### 📝About this event: 

A comprehensive course launching in May 2025 that covers everything you need to know about GitHub—from basics to practical workflows. Designed to prepare you fully for modern software development and collaboration on the largest coding platform in the world. 

- **📅 Date:** May 05, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 12,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/events/580587241812074/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DDohOfKUFk&t=3131s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `visibility` `project management`

---

## 🔹 Guest Speaker: The Secret to Success with Vukasin Terzic

### 📝About this event: 

In this session, Vukasin will share with our community his valuable insights and strategies for achieving success on both a personal and professional level. For those at the beginning of their careers or interested in elevating their current careers, this session is an amazing opportunity.

- **📅 Date:** Apr 07, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Vukasin Terzic](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/mvp/profile/36cc5298-6bd1-ea11-a812-000d3a8dfe0d), [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Waddah Azhary](https://devopsdisciple.com/) 
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000 
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7308157900017840129/?originTrackingId=XHvxnwhWS%2B%2Bd0L%2BhbxZxwg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `guest` `sharing` `community`

---

## 🔹 AI Revolution: Transforming Knowledge Bases with GitHub Copilot

### 📝About this event: 

While traditional knowledge bases like Stack Overflow have been invaluable, AI is unlocking new dimensions of intelligence, automation, and adaptability.
With tools like GitHub Copilot evolving rapidly, we saw an opportunity to redefine how we handle knowledge. AI doesn't replace traditional systems—it enhances them, making knowledge more accessible, dynamic, and personalized.

- **📅 Date:** Mar 25, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,200  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7306300550906589184/?originTrackingId=uoFNjNH5Qqacy4MjJSR2Jg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IBWOVRCdc4&t=1422s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `knowledge base` `copilot`

---

## 🔹 Reusability Mindset Meets GitHub: Shaping Smarter Engineering Practices

### 📝About this event: 

Dive into the Reusability Mindset, exploring how it transforms engineering practices and how GitHub provides the perfect platform to implement it. Together, we’ll cover:

🔑 Mindset: Adopting reusability as a core principle.

⚙️ GitHub: Leveraging templates, workflows, actions, saved replies, etc, and many other amazing features for smarter solutions.

📏 Engineering Practices: Building scalable, efficient, and sustainable processes.

- **📅 Date:** Dec 19, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,500  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7271116679781265408/?originTrackingId=huNXfNrpS%2ByrwXAxh%2BvxMw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzSvnpLSOuo&t=1718s&pp=0gcJCY0JAYcqIYzv)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `reusability` `engineering practices`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Package Management with Actions: From Repetition to Reusability

### 📝About this event: 

Discover how to eliminate code duplication and streamline your projects by creating, packaging, and publishing reusable libraries on GitHub Packages and GitHub Actions. Discover how to automate your workflows, manage dependencies effectively, and share your packages effortlessly across multiple projects. Leverage the power of GitHub Packages to enhance collaboration, maintain version control, and boost your project’s efficiency.

- **📅 Date:** Dec 05, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7244335831270723587/?originTrackingId=SPfgYOpbRluN2lXNNsJ0yQ%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGierzZ4WtQ&t=2500s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `automation` `efficiency`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Pages: From Repository to Blog in Minutes

### 📝About this event: 

Discover how easy it is to create and host your blog on GitHub Pages, a powerful and free platform for developers and content creators.

- **📅 Date:** Nov 27, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 2,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7250173327925735425/?originTrackingId=9gMlltL2Tx2xsqU8OOI5iQ%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aa6Tsd6ZDA&t=3511s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `blogging` `open source`

---

## 🔹 Discovering GitHub's New Issues (Beta) Experience for Optimizing Backlog

### 📝About this event: 

Step into the future of issue tracking with GitHub's new Issues (Beta) experience! Whether you're a seasoned developer, project or product manager or just getting started, this session is designed to help you streamline your backlog management, supercharge team efficiency, and keep your projects on the fast track using GitHub new feature that still in Beta.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 26, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 600  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7234094335183536128/?originTrackingId=ZgGJArIwT%2F6oue0knFs%2B0g%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `issues` `backlog`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Copilot Workspace: Idea to Implementation

### 📝About this event: 

Unleash your coding potential with GitHub Copilot Workspace, the Copilot-native development environment designed for your everyday tasks. Launched as a Technical Preview on April 29th, this game-changer helps you transform ideas into code with just a few clicks. 🌟

Imagine turning your concepts into working code effortlessly, streamlining your workflow, and boosting your productivity—all within a single environment. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just getting started, GitHub Copilot Workspace is here to elevate your coding journey.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 11, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 2,200  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7237096699247124480/?originTrackingId=JRDGM7CQTGmi6b5q%2Flb%2FWw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFW-G2KH5Nw&t=3554s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `copilot` `developer tools`

---

## 🔹 Exciting Launch: Our New Automation Toolkit!

### 📝About this event: 

We’ve developed a powerful automation toolkit framework for WordPress and Knowledge Base, designed to make your workflows smoother than ever! 💥

Step-by-step sessions where we’ll guide you through setting up Microsoft Cloud, deploying Linux servers, and handling large databases for apps like WordPress and Knowledge Base—all in just a few minutes.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 02, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,900  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7235326385462947841/?originTrackingId=q01e9rIdQleanV8m1f8Gxw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGy0mtGQapU&t=3681s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `automation` `developer tools`

---

## 🔹 Accelerate Business Delivery with AI And DevOps

### 📝About this event: 

Learn how to maximize and accelerate business delivery with the Power of DevOps and AI.
This session will dive into a hands-on exploration of a real business scenario, illustrated through six engaging demonstrations. The session will be completely about a real use case that shows 6 demos for a real comprehensive business case.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 02, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7187787691114070016/?originTrackingId=0aC8as40Tn6vuNFuxiOfcA%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tcavw5_0I4U&t=3312s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `devops` `AI`

---

## 🔹 Guest Speaker: The Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel

### 📝About this event: 

In this session, Sandra will share with our community her valuable insights and strategies for achieving success on both a personal and professional level. For those at the beginning of their careers or interested in elevating their current careers, this session is an amazing opportunity.

- **📅 Date:** Apr 23, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Sandra Kiel](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/mvp/profile/f0965772-fa36-ec11-b6e6-00224825194e), [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Waddah Azhary](https://devopsdisciple.com/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 500  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7181287498717769729/?originTrackingId=%2BJ5x8ZM2QBWTWzLcTqQkfg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `guest` `sharing` `community`

Commit message:

feat: Add AI DevOps Loop details and view metrics for Copilot & DORA events (#11)
* feat: add AI-Augmented DevOps Loop event details

Added information for the 'The AI-Augmented DevOps Loop' event, including date, speakers, streaming details, and resource links. This provides visibility into new community sessions focused on Copilot and AI-driven website development.

* feat: add views and YouTube link for Copilot walkthrough

Changed the 'Views' field from 'Upcoming Event' to '1,200' and added the YouTube video link of Copilot End-to-End Website Walkthrough

* feat: add views count for DORA report event

_tabs/user group events.md, after:

---
title: User Group Events
icon: fas fa-calendar-alt
order: 5
---

All community sessions past and upcoming are listed below. The most recent events appear at the top.

## 🔹 The AI-Augmented DevOps Loop

### 📝About this event:

A public demo session on how GitHub Copilot was used to build the Elmentor website in just a few hours by
streamlining the developer inner loop. http://elmentorprogram.com/ 

- **📅 Date:** Dec 17, 2025
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Ayman Aboghonim](https://github.com/aymanaboghonim)
- **👁️ Views:** Upcoming Event
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin
- **🌐 Language:** English
- **🎞️ Record available on:**
  - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7383451323620433920/)
  - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JV_eBwRS9uc)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `copilot` `website development` `AI` `devops`

---

## 🔹 Copilot End-to-End Website Walkthrough

### 📝About this event: 

A public demo session on how GitHub Copilot was used to build the Elmentor website in just a few hours. http://elmentorprogram.com/

- **📅 Date:** Dec 09, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Ayman Aboghonim](https://github.com/aymanaboghonim)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,200  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/16VA46JTZo/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Id7UaOeQNY)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `copilot` `website development` `AI`

---

## 🔹 DORA 2025 AI Report Review

### 📝About this event: 

A public discussion session analyzing the new DORA report 2025 (Impact of Generative AI in Software Development). This report offers research-backed guidance for leaders and practitioners to effectively navigate this transformation, providing actionable insights to maximize AI's benefits while mitigating potential risks. DORA report link: https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/dora-impact-of-generative-ai-in-software-development.pdf

- **📅 Date:** Oct 08, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Ayman Aboghonim](https://github.com/aymanaboghonim)  
- **👁️ Views:** 870  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/19M6GbMjKX/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `DORA` `AI` `software development`

---

## 🔹 Career Guidance Session with Kareem

### 📝About this event: 

A community-wide Career Guidance Session will be arranged in collaboration with Kareem. The session will offer practical insights into job seeking, personal branding, and navigating the hiring process, supporting our members in their professional journeys.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 06, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Kareem Khamis](https://github.com/KareemKhamis)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,800  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/share/16i5zPMTZe/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwY4QYxJy5w&ab_channel=MohamedRadwan%28EG%29)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `career guidance` `mentorship` `professional development`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Foundation Course [AR] [May 2025]-[#1]

### 📝About this event: 

A comprehensive course launching in May 2025 that covers everything you need to know about GitHub—from basics to practical workflows. Designed to prepare you fully for modern software development and collaboration on the largest coding platform in the world. 

- **📅 Date:** May 05, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 12,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Facebook  
- **🌐 Language:** Arabic   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/events/580587241812074/)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DDohOfKUFk&t=3131s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `visibility` `project management`

---

## 🔹 Guest Speaker: The Secret to Success with Vukasin Terzic

### 📝About this event: 

In this session, Vukasin will share with our community his valuable insights and strategies for achieving success on both a personal and professional level. For those at the beginning of their careers or interested in elevating their current careers, this session is an amazing opportunity.

- **📅 Date:** Apr 07, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Vukasin Terzic](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/mvp/profile/36cc5298-6bd1-ea11-a812-000d3a8dfe0d), [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Waddah Azhary](https://devopsdisciple.com/) 
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000 
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7308157900017840129/?originTrackingId=XHvxnwhWS%2B%2Bd0L%2BhbxZxwg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `guest` `sharing` `community`

---

## 🔹 AI Revolution: Transforming Knowledge Bases with GitHub Copilot

### 📝About this event: 

While traditional knowledge bases like Stack Overflow have been invaluable, AI is unlocking new dimensions of intelligence, automation, and adaptability.
With tools like GitHub Copilot evolving rapidly, we saw an opportunity to redefine how we handle knowledge. AI doesn't replace traditional systems—it enhances them, making knowledge more accessible, dynamic, and personalized.

- **📅 Date:** Mar 25, 2025  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,200  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7306300550906589184/?originTrackingId=uoFNjNH5Qqacy4MjJSR2Jg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IBWOVRCdc4&t=1422s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `knowledge base` `copilot`

---

## 🔹 Reusability Mindset Meets GitHub: Shaping Smarter Engineering Practices

### 📝About this event: 

Dive into the Reusability Mindset, exploring how it transforms engineering practices and how GitHub provides the perfect platform to implement it. Together, we’ll cover:

🔑 Mindset: Adopting reusability as a core principle.

⚙️ GitHub: Leveraging templates, workflows, actions, saved replies, etc, and many other amazing features for smarter solutions.

📏 Engineering Practices: Building scalable, efficient, and sustainable processes.

- **📅 Date:** Dec 19, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,500  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7271116679781265408/?originTrackingId=huNXfNrpS%2ByrwXAxh%2BvxMw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzSvnpLSOuo&t=1718s&pp=0gcJCY0JAYcqIYzv)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `reusability` `engineering practices`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Package Management with Actions: From Repetition to Reusability

### 📝About this event: 

Discover how to eliminate code duplication and streamline your projects by creating, packaging, and publishing reusable libraries on GitHub Packages and GitHub Actions. Discover how to automate your workflows, manage dependencies effectively, and share your packages effortlessly across multiple projects. Leverage the power of GitHub Packages to enhance collaboration, maintain version control, and boost your project’s efficiency.

- **📅 Date:** Dec 05, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7244335831270723587/?originTrackingId=SPfgYOpbRluN2lXNNsJ0yQ%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGierzZ4WtQ&t=2500s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `automation` `efficiency`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Pages: From Repository to Blog in Minutes

### 📝About this event: 

Discover how easy it is to create and host your blog on GitHub Pages, a powerful and free platform for developers and content creators.

- **📅 Date:** Nov 27, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 2,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7250173327925735425/?originTrackingId=9gMlltL2Tx2xsqU8OOI5iQ%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aa6Tsd6ZDA&t=3511s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `blogging` `open source`

---

## 🔹 Discovering GitHub's New Issues (Beta) Experience for Optimizing Backlog

### 📝About this event: 

Step into the future of issue tracking with GitHub's new Issues (Beta) experience! Whether you're a seasoned developer, project or product manager or just getting started, this session is designed to help you streamline your backlog management, supercharge team efficiency, and keep your projects on the fast track using GitHub new feature that still in Beta.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 26, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 600  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7234094335183536128/?originTrackingId=ZgGJArIwT%2F6oue0knFs%2B0g%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `issues` `backlog`

---

## 🔹 GitHub Copilot Workspace: Idea to Implementation

### 📝About this event: 

Unleash your coding potential with GitHub Copilot Workspace, the Copilot-native development environment designed for your everyday tasks. Launched as a Technical Preview on April 29th, this game-changer helps you transform ideas into code with just a few clicks. 🌟

Imagine turning your concepts into working code effortlessly, streamlining your workflow, and boosting your productivity—all within a single environment. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just getting started, GitHub Copilot Workspace is here to elevate your coding journey.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 11, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 2,200  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7237096699247124480/?originTrackingId=JRDGM7CQTGmi6b5q%2Flb%2FWw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFW-G2KH5Nw&t=3554s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `copilot` `developer tools`

---

## 🔹 Exciting Launch: Our New Automation Toolkit!

### 📝About this event: 

We’ve developed a powerful automation toolkit framework for WordPress and Knowledge Base, designed to make your workflows smoother than ever! 💥

Step-by-step sessions where we’ll guide you through setting up Microsoft Cloud, deploying Linux servers, and handling large databases for apps like WordPress and Knowledge Base—all in just a few minutes.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 02, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,900  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7235326385462947841/?originTrackingId=q01e9rIdQleanV8m1f8Gxw%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGy0mtGQapU&t=3681s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `automation` `developer tools`

---

## 🔹 Accelerate Business Delivery with AI And DevOps

### 📝About this event: 

Learn how to maximize and accelerate business delivery with the Power of DevOps and AI.
This session will dive into a hands-on exploration of a real business scenario, illustrated through six engaging demonstrations. The session will be completely about a real use case that shows 6 demos for a real comprehensive business case.

- **📅 Date:** Sep 02, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Rehab Ragab](https://rehababotalep.github.io/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 1,000  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7187787691114070016/?originTrackingId=0aC8as40Tn6vuNFuxiOfcA%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tcavw5_0I4U&t=3312s)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `github` `devops` `AI`

---

## 🔹 Guest Speaker: The Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel

### 📝About this event: 

In this session, Sandra will share with our community her valuable insights and strategies for achieving success on both a personal and professional level. For those at the beginning of their careers or interested in elevating their current careers, this session is an amazing opportunity.

- **📅 Date:** Apr 23, 2024  
- **🗣️ Speakers:** [Sandra Kiel](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/mvp/profile/f0965772-fa36-ec11-b6e6-00224825194e), [Mohamed Radwan](https://mohamedradwan.com/), [Waddah Azhary](https://devopsdisciple.com/)  
- **👁️ Views:** 500  
- **💻 Streamed Live on:** Linkedin  
- **🌐 Language:** English   
- **🎞️ Record available on:**  
   - [Live Recording](https://www.linkedin.com/events/7181287498717769729/?originTrackingId=%2BJ5x8ZM2QBWTWzLcTqQkfg%3D%3D)  
   - [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/@MRadwanMSF/videos)

- **🏷️ Tags:** `guest` `sharing` `community`
